Metadata-Version: 2.4
Name: pyinitpro
Version: 0.1.2
Summary: A CLI tool to scaffold Python projects with venv and folder structure
Home-page: https://github.com/Martins-O/pyinit.git
Author: Martins O Jojolola
License: MIT
Keywords: python cli scaffold virtualenv project setup
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Requires-Python: >=3.13
Description-Content-Type: text/markdown
Requires-Dist: colorama>=0.4.0
Dynamic: author
Dynamic: classifier
Dynamic: description
Dynamic: description-content-type
Dynamic: home-page
Dynamic: keywords
Dynamic: license
Dynamic: requires-dist
Dynamic: requires-python
Dynamic: summary

Sure! Here’s the updated “How To” guide that includes the new flags and functionalities added to the projinit CLI tool.

⸻

✅ How to Set Up and Use projinit CLI (Cross-Platform Guide)

⸻

📁 1. Clone the project

git clone https://github.com/Martins-O/projinit.git



⸻

🧰 2. Install pipx (if not installed)

macOS or Linux:

brew install pipx   # macOS

python3 -m pip install --user pipx

pipx ensurepath

Windows (via PowerShell):

python -m pip install --user pipx

pipx ensurepath

Restart your terminal after running pipx ensurepath.

⸻

🚀 3. Install projinit using pipx

In the terminal, navigate to the root of your projinit project:

cd projinit

pipx install .

✅ This makes the projinit command available globally.

⸻

✅ 4. Usage

Now you can run projinit from anywhere in your terminal:

projinit

It will prompt you to:
	•	Create a new project or use an existing one:
	•	New project: Asks for the project name, subfolders, etc.
	•	Existing project: Asks for the path and sets up the folders.
	•	Create a Python virtual environment (optional):
	•	You can skip this with the --no-venv flag.
	•	You can specify a Python version with the --python-version flag.
	•	Add dependencies to requirements.txt:
	•	Provide a comma-separated list of dependencies via the --dependencies flag.
	•	If no dependencies are provided, a preconfigured template for requirements.txt will be created.
	•	Initialize a Git repository (optional):
	•	You can choose to initialize a Git repo by answering y when prompted.
	•	If desired, add a remote repository URL with the --git-remote flag.
	•	Interactive Setup (optional):
	•	Enable an interactive setup where you will be prompted for custom folder names by using the --interactive flag.

Example usage with flags:

projinit --interactive --dependencies flask,requests --python-version 3.9 --git-remote https://github.com/your-repo.git



⸻

💡 Notes
	•	To uninstall projinit:

pipx uninstall projinit

    •	For more information, visit the project's GitHub repository: https://github.com/Martins-O/projinit
